(In the works.)

The search engine we aim to build will likely contain the following components:

1. Seed URLs

  In our case, this would be the tier-1 domains.

2. Spider (or Crawler)

  The spider will crawl through the web-pages it is seeded with, storing their
  textual content, meta information (such as from the <meta> tag), along with,
  of course, their links. This information will be stored in a corpus, awaiting
  further processing. Spider will also crawl the links pointed to by these
  web-pages (and their links, and so on), up to a configurable "n" tiers (by
  keeping track of tiers along the way). We must keep in mind our politeness
  (schedule and keeping out of areas that sites do not wish accessed).

  One computer cannot crawl the entire web--this must therefore be distributed.
  In such a case, we might come across the following non-exhaustive set of
  problems:

  * Crawling the same page multiple times: each instance of spider must have
    access to the set of web-pages already called (and that are still "fresh").

3. Processor

  The processor will process the pages stored in the corpus. It would consist of
  the these parts: a tokenizer, an indexer, and an inverted indexer.

  Again, the processor too will have to be distributed.

These components are concerned directly with search results:

1. Query Processor

## Prototype 1 Overview

We could spend our entire lives building a search engine. However, I would
rather not. Let us continually work on incremental prototypes instead.

For the first prototype, let us do away with distribution and any kind of
"real" indexing. Here's what we could have:

1. A polite (delay; robots.txt) crawler that stores the following of each page:
  * page URL
  * page title
  * keywords and description found in the "meta" tag
  * external and internal links
  * page tier
  * textual content
  * number of references to it
2. A file-based corpus.
3. A search function that relies solely on keywords.
4. A working link to the existing Gofë front-end.

Here is what is out of scope for this primitive prototype:

1. Page freshness: once we crawl a page, we are done with it.
2. Distribution: we'll get to this in due time.
3. Indexing: we'll get to this next.
4. Any kind of NLP for both, page content and user queries.
